#CNV-36361 - edit VM updates (#77468)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-about-vmis.adoc

====
Before you uninstall {VirtProductName}, list and view the standalone VMIs by using the CLI or the web console. Then, delete any outstanding VMIs.
====

When you edit a VM, some settings may be applied to VMIs dynamically and without the need for a restart. Any change made to a VM object that cannot be applied to the VMIs dynamically will trigger the RestartRequired VM condition.

[NOTE]
====

> Once the RestartRequired condition is triggered on a VM object, no further changes can be applied. Changes are effective on the next reboot, and the condition is removed.

Reviewer: `no further changes can be applied` is confusing, it does not prevent to make new changes even the RestartRequired condition is met.

====
Before you uninstall {VirtProductName}, list and view the standalone VMIs by using the CLI or the web console. Then, delete any outstanding VMIs.
====

> When you edit a VM, some settings may be applied to the VMIs dynamically and without the need for a restart. Any change made to a VM object that cannot be applied to the VMIs dynamically will trigger the `RestartRequired` VM condition. Changes are effective on the next reboot, and the condition is removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you edit a VM, some settings might be applied to the VMIs dynamically and without the need for a restart. Any change made to a VM object that cannot be applied to the VMIs dynamically will trigger the `RestartRequired` VM condition. Changes are effective on the next reboot, and the condition is removed.
```
Let's fix "may" because it doesn't translate correctly.

> When you edit a VM, some settings might be applied to the VMIs dynamically and without the need for a restart. Any change made to a VM object that cannot be applied to the VMIs dynamically will trigger the `RestartRequired` VM condition. Changes are effective on the next reboot, and the condition is removed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you edit a VM, some settings might be applied to the VMIs dynamically and without the need for a restart. Any change made to a VM object that cannot be applied to the VMIs dynamically triggers the `RestartRequired` VM condition. Changes are effective on the next reboot, and the condition is removed.
```

Reviewer 3: IBMSG says to write in present tense as much as possible: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense

Sorry for the nit

Reviewer 3: ah nvm merging for the sake of OCP 4.16. Not that big of a deal.
